.TH DSUMECFG 1 11-07-2014

.SH NAME
.B dsumecfg
\- Digilent NetFPGA-SUME Flash Configuration Utility

    
.SH SYNOPSIS

.B dsumecfg
[-help] [-version]
.I command
[options]


.SH DESCRIPTION

.B dsumecfg
is a command line application that allows users to write bit or bin files to a specific section of the flash memory on Digilent's NetFPGA-SUME. It also provides the ability to read a specified section of flash and store it in a bin file. Additional functionality includes the ability to erase a flash section, verify a flash section, blank check a flash section, reconfigure the FPGA from a specific flash section, set the default flash boot section, and read the default flash boot section.
	

.SH COMMANDS

.TP 10
.B enum
Enumerate the device table and discover any connected Digilent devices. This command prints out a list of Digilent devices. The list includes both devices in the device table and devices that were discovered. The product name, user name, and serial number are displayed for all devices that are currently connected to the system. If a device is in the device table, then its alias is also displayed.

.TP 10
.B write
Write the specified bit or bin file to the specified flash section, of the specified device. The "-d" option must be used to specify the user name or alias of the device that you wish to write. The "-s" option must be used to specify the section of flash to be written. The "-f" or "-file" option must be used to specify the pathanme of the file that is written to flash.

.TP 10
.B read
Read the specified flash section and write its contents to the specified bin file. The "-d" option must be used to specify the user name or alias of the device you wish to read. The "-s" option must be used to specify the section of flash to be read. The "-f" or "-file" option must be used to specify the pathanme of the file that the flash memory contents are written to.

.TP 10
.B verify
Verify that the contents of the specified flash section match the specified bin or bit file. The "-d" option must be used to specify the user name or alias of the device whose flash contents you wish to verify. The "-s" option must be used to specify the flash section being verified. The "-f" or "-file" option must be used to specify the pathname of the file that the flash contents are verified against.

.TP 10
.B erase
Erase the specified flash section. The "-d" option must be used to specify the user name or alias of the device whose flash section you wish to erase. The "-s" option must be used to specify the flash section that is to be erased.

.TP 10
.B blankcheck
Check to see if the specified flash section is blank. The "-d" option must be used to specify the user name or alias of the device whose flash section is being blank checked. The "-s" option must be used to specify which flash section is blank checked.

.TP 10
.B setbootsec
Set the flash memory section that stores the default FPGA configuration. The "-d" option must be used to specify the user name or alias of the device whose flash boot section is being set. The "-s" option must be used to specify the default flash boot section.

.TP 10
.B getbootsec
Read and display the current flash boot section. The "-d" option must be used to specify the user name or alias of the device whose flash boot section you wish to read.

.TP 10
.B reconfig
Reconfigure the FPGA using the bitstream stored in the specified flash section. The "-d" option must be used to specify the user name or alias of the device that is to be reconfigured. The "-s" option must be used to specify the flash section that contains the bitstream that is used to reconfigure the FPGA.


.SH OPTIONS

.TP 10
.B -d
Specify the user name or alias of the device you wish to communicate with.

.TP 10
.B -f, -file
Specify the name of the file used for
.I write
,
.I read
, and
.I verify
commands.

.TP 10
.B -s, -section
Specify the flash section associated with a command. Valid sections are "0", "1", "2", and "3".

.TP 10
.B -t
Display the elapsed time for the specified operation.

.TP 10
.B -verbose
Display more detailed information.

.TP 10
.B -verify
Verify flash contents against the input file after a write operation has completed.

.TP 10
.B -?, -help
.br
Display typical application usage, a list of supported commands, and a list of supported options.

.TP 10
.B -v, -version
.br
Display information about the program version.

        
.SH EXAMPLES

.TP 10
.B $ dsumecfg enum
.br
Enumerate all devices in the device table and all devices connected to the system.

.TP 10
.B $ dsumecfg write -d NetFPGASUME -s 0 -f config.bit -verify -t
Write the contents of config.bit to flash section 0 of the connected NetFPGASUME. The contents of flash section 0 are read back and verified against config.bit once the write operation has completed. The elapsed time is displayed for the erase, write, and verification operations.

.TP 10
.B $ dsumecfg read -d NetFPGASUME -s 1 -f section1.bin
Read the contents of section 1 of the flash and store them in section1.bin.

.TP 10
.B $ dsumecfg verify -d NetFPGASUME -s 2 -f section2.bin
Verify that the contents of section 2 of the flash match the contents of section2.bin.

.TP 10
.B $ dsumecfg erase -d NetFPGASUME -s 3
Erase section 3 of the flash.

.TP 10
.B $ dsumecfg blankcheck -d NetFPGASUME -s 3
Verify that section 3 of the flash is blank.

.TP 10
.B $ dsumecfg setbootsec -d NetFPGASUME -s 1
Set the default flash boot section to section 1.

.TP 10
.B $ dsumecfg getbootsec -d NetFPGASUME
Read and display the current default flash boot section.

.TP 10
.B $ dsumecfg reconfig -d NetFPGASUME -s 2
Reconfigure the FPGA using the configuration stored in section 2 of the flash.


.SH AUTHOR

Digilent, Inc. <support@digilentinc.com>
